2017.3_AR69964:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 69964)
 * General: Enable RF-Data Converter IP in Vivado

2017.3:
 * Version 1.1
 * Bug Fix: 2017.3_uspea_updates
 * Bug Fix: Negative Quadrature option is only available when Fine Mixer is enabled
 * Bug Fix: Tile and Slice interrupts are now enabled by default
 * Bug Fix: Link Coupling is now an option for each individual ADC Tile
 * Bug Fix: Corrected coarse mixer settings
 * Bug Fix: Fixed reset of state machines when supplies or clocks are lost
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue regarding tile resets and restarts. Please see product guide for detailed information
 * Bug Fix: AXI Streaming bus widths depend on the number of AXI4-lite words per clock cycle
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue where in some configurations Clock Out Frequency was not listing all valid frequencies
 * Bug Fix: Removed invalid samples per AXI4-Stream word values from GUI when IQ data selected
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue that could cause in some occasions incorrect data to be returned from a read to a DRP register
 * Bug Fix: Corrected DAC decoder output order
 * Bug Fix: Corrected ADC calibration constants and sequence
 * Bug Fix: 2017.3_updates
 * Bug Fix: Fixed DAC interpolation data register setting for IQ data
 * Bug Fix: Fixed issue where SYSREF Source was enabled only when DAC Tile 228 PLL was enabled
 * Bug Fix: Maximum ADC output clock frequency has been reduced to avoid min-pulse-width violations
 * Bug Fix: Corrected 2GSPS ADC IQ to IQ data routing
 * Bug Fix: NCO values now updated on a per tile basis rather then per individual slice
 * Bug Fix: Fine mixer settings fixed for negative quadrature option
 * Bug Fix: Fixed negative NCO frequency setting in ADC calibration mode 1
 * Bug Fix: Increased time for regulators to settle
 * Bug Fix: Ensured clock divider is set correctly after a reset
 * Bug Fix: Fixed the setting of the fine mixer NCO frequency on windows
 * Feature Enhancement: 2017.3_uspea_updates
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to GUI for selecting Nyquist Zone
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to GUI for selecting DAC Decoder Mode
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to GUI to select the Coarse mixer frequency
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to GUI for debug ports
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to GUI to save and load custom presets
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for Fine NCO mixer
 * Feature Enhancement: Added a register to set the power up sequence timer
 * Feature Enhancement: Added a new input user_sysref. See product guide for more information
 * Feature Enhancement: Updated PLL and ADC calibration settings
 * Feature Enhancement: Added location constraints of converters
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to GUI to disable analog clock detection
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to GUI to select DAC output current
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to GUI to select ADC calibration mode
 * Feature Enhancement: 2017.3_updates
 * Feature Enhancement: Improved PLL lock performance
 * Feature Enhancement: Added Over Range and Over Voltage interrupts to ADC
 * Feature Enhancement: BUFG GTs have been added on all DAC and ADC output clocks
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support in ADC for IQ->IQ when Mixer is bypassed
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for real time control of the converters
 * Feature Enhancement: Added register to disable the converter FIFOs
 * Feature Enhancement: Disabled unused Mixer and FIFO when in IQ->IQ mode to reduce power consumption
 * Feature Enhancement: Added calibration freeze when the ADC input is lost
 * Other: 2017.3_uspea_updates
 * Other: Reduced behavioral simulation start up time
 * Other: Restricted write access to some of the DRP registers
 * Other: Power down PLL in tiles where it is not being used
 * Other: Added delay between power-up state machine so converters do not all start at the same time
 * Other: 2017.3_updates
 * Other: Bypassed PLL fractional divider
 * Other: Optimized post-implementation speed up registers
 * Other: Removed medium and low BW decimation and interpolation options

2017.2:
 * Version 1.0
 * No changes

2017.1:
 * Version 1.0
 * General: Initial Release

(c) Copyright 2017 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
